SCENE 1/7: Opening, Setup - GARAGE and OUTSIDE IN A PHONE BOOTH - 3AM
We see an extreme closeup of our cautious and desperate protagonist TERRANCE inserting quarters
into a payphone coin slot. 
He picks up the phone, and dials his heist driver, LARRY while murmering to himself.
"C'mon... C'mon..." 
LARRY is currently working on a red van inside a garage (which we presume is where LARRY works). 
The landline phone in the garage, rings, but LARRY is too busy to pick it the phone.
We hear a robot over the payphone, as TERRANCE slams the phone on a phone stub.
"Fuck!" 
TERRANCE walks away from the booth, conteplating on what to do next without LARRY. 
A few seconds goes by, and the payphone rings. 

TERRANCE picks up the phone in a hurry. 
T: "Hello?" 
L: "Hey! Is this uhh Is this Terry?"
"Yeah, Larry. This is Terry."
"Oh my  bad, I'm at work right now working for this guy. I thought you were going to call me at four..."
"(Interrupts) It's okay. I'm calling in a phone booth right now. Do you still have your mom's van."
"My mom's van? Yeah I still have her van. She gave that to me..."
"Ok good. We're going to use that."
"Dude...that's my mom's van. She's dead."
"I know, it's terrific. The car is still technically hers right?"
"Terry, I can't continue calling right, my boss is looking at me."
"Ok well, remember 6am my house...make sure to bring the suit...I got a bus to catch right now..."
(LARRY hangs up and looks at his boss, who's offscreen). 
"Here's your phone back, Mr. Fletcher."  

SCENE 2/8: Intro with title - Outside in a bus. outside at night walking home, and at an apartment room - 4am. 
Electric, moody sytnh starts playing. 
We see TERRY in a bus, while it's driving. He picks up his cellphone and tries to call JAMES, his brother.
TERRY calls JAMES.
JAMES doesn't pick up the phone, and TERRY immediatly gets put on voicemail.
"Hey, JAMES. It’s me, Terry. I uh wanted to call you, let you know I’m in Fort Lauderdale right now for a business meeting."
[While he calls we hear his call and see a montage of him walking outside and entering his apartroom room.]
[We see TERRY get off the bus and walk down the street]
"So I’m sorry, but I won’t make it to your daughter’s birthday party, unfortunately."
[Cut back to him on the bus]
But I will send her a gift. 
[Cut to TERRY walking up the steps to his apartment room]
"It might come a little late, but in the mail, I will send a gift to you, and you give it to her, okay?"
[We see TERRY open his room, while French Connection is playing on the TV and we see a toy gun, which is supposed to be JAMES's DAUGHTER's birthday gift]
[Cut back to him on the bus]
"(Looks at a window while it’s raining). Oh shit it’s raining right now. Thank you, call me back when you can. Okay, see you. (Hangs up phone and gets off subway)"

SCENE 3/7: Eye Contacts - 6am
We see a close up of French Connection playing on the TV. 
TERRANCE is in the bathroom of his room, playing with the toy gun in his hand. 
TERRY ties a ribbon on the gun. 
"Would a little girl like a little, toy gun for her birthday? (points gun at mirror) Answer me, James. Would a little girl like BONNY like a little toy gun for her birthday? (He shoots the toy gun at the mirror and smirks)". 
TERRY pulls out two ripped up peice of papers from his pocket. One says an adress,the other shows a schedule with when JAMES leaves his house for work, when his wife, leaves for work, and when his daugghter goes to school. 
He looks at this watch to make sure he's on time. It's currently 6am. 
From his drawer, TERRANCE pulls out a box of eye contacts, and puts one in. 
We see gross, extreme closeups of the action. 

We fade transition from a shot of a toy gun in the batroom to a shot of a real gun in a pillow. 
TERRANCE conteplates either taking a gun with him or not. 
He figures not to and hides the gun under his pillow. 

TERRANCE's flip phone calls again, and we hear Larry on the other line. 
"Alright, I'm here. I got your suit."
"Alright good, we only got a few hours."
TERRY flips his phone off, and hides it under his pillow, leaving it behind. 

SCENE 4/7: Driving - 7:00am
We see the two characters driving throught white Seattle fog, while electronic synth creeps in. 
TERRANCE puts on different clothes in the back seat of the car.
LARRY silently drives the car, as synth blasts. 
After buttoning up his shirt, he looks at the LARRY. 
TERRANCE: Just like we practiced before you're going to take a left turn here
The car arrives, to a beautiful autumn suburban neighborhood. 
TERRANCE: Here we are. Finally we are here after a whole hour of you driving. Right on time for Bonnie's birthday. Alright lets stop at a park next to the street. 
The car drives by a beautiful park and stops. 
LARRY: You sure the code works?
TERRANCE: The code? Safe code? 10-31. I know the code works... that's Bonnies birthday, by the way. 

TERRANCE gets out of the vehicle. 

SCENE 5/7: Walking and security - 7:30pm
TERRANCE walks the street of Sammamish, WA, looking around suspiciously making sure no one is watching him, looking nervous, and he stops by JAMEs'S big house. 
hE JUMPS UP WHERE THE GARAGE WINDOWS ARE AND SEES NO CAR THERE. [this can be a POV shot].
He walks up to the front porch, and sees a big camera looking at him from JAMES's front door. 
We see a POV shot from the camera. [It's a 480P looking camera]
TERRY looks at the camera nervously, then smiles. 
The security camera lock makes a resoundng noise. 

The door unlocks by itself, and TERRANCE steps into the house. 
He walks in and is in awe of the size of James'S beautiful house. 
He looks around the house. 
"JAMES! JAMES! JAMES! COLEEEN! COLEEN! COLEEN...Bonnie! Bonnie! Bonnie!"
Silence. None of the house owners respond. 

JAMES look at his watch.
"Ok, we got a few hours." 

JAMES walks to the garage of the house. Opens it and sees no cars are visible. Truely all the homeowners are gone. [This is the same garage we saw before]. 
He walks back inside the house, and see a photo of a father with two kids. 
We get closeups of the thwo kids with their dad, and something about this gets TERRANCE very upset.
He stops gazing at the photo, and walks upstairs to the second floor of the house quietly and sneakily. 

SCENE 6/7: Suitcase and call 
The camera follows TERRY, and then dissapears into the color of his coat and we get a trasition to color of a suitcase. 
Somehow, Terry has found a suitcase in a room of JAMES's house. He opens it up, and sees gold shine from the case. 

We cut to LARRY in his car, and he see's another car (Jame's car) passing by. 
LARRY: "Oh shit."
LARRY tries to call TERRY but TERRY's phone is in his house. 

Out of nowhere, JAMES walks into the house, unannounced.
We don't see his face, just his body run in the house. 
JAMES: Honey, I'm home a little early. 
JAMES turns on his answering machine, to hear TERRANCE's voice message. 
TERRANCE jumps from a safe window, and runs to LARRY with a suitcase in his hand as they both drive off. 

SCENE 7/7: Ending
"You have one new voice message."
TERRY takes a shower as a sign of celebration, suitcase hidden in a bathroom drawer. 
He opens the door in his aprtroom to the living room, and sees his identical twin brother, JAMES standing over TERRY's bed. 
TERRY is in shock.
TERRY: James... what are you-
JAMES: (interrupts) you were always the jealous one weren't you?
TERRY: What?
[We see a flashabck to the father and two kids picture]
JAMES: You were always the jealous brother growing up. Jealous with a chip on your shoulder. You always belived your father loved me more. 
TERRY: Well that's just the truth...you have a big house, a job in finance given by Daddy, a loving family...Dad loved you more, James.
JAMES: Does that give you the right, Terrance? Where is my suitcase. 
TERRY: How did you know?
JAMES: I have my connections. 
[We get a flashabck to LARRY working with JAMES in the same garage]. 
JAMES: Now tell me, where is my suitcase...
We get a slow zoom to see TERRY think of the pillow with the gun...
CUT TO BLACK

 








  




 